welcome back everyone today we are going
to look at the sequel to death bell 1
known as death bell 2 bloody camp
the movie starts with a swimming
freestyle competition in which xin ig
seems to be taking the lead two of his
friends a girl and a boy are standing in
the crowd cheering at the 50 meter turn
another competitive chun taiyon picks up
speed she eventually sets a new record
and wins a gold medal shin is the
runner-up in the next scene the girls
get their prize and stand on the podium
in front of the media chun ti yan calls
for her friend sihi and the three girls
take pictures together
chun pins the photo in her locker and
she stares at it for a moment then
closes her locker and dives back into
the pool
as she swims a black creature takes hold
of her and holds her under the water
until she suffocates to death in a
classroom students pass on their exam
sheets and start working one of the
girls appears sleepy and puts her head
down on a desk a woman rushes to the
class and in haste she trips and falls
she then tells the professor that she
went to the wrong classroom meanwhile
we're shown see he who starts bleeding
from the nose the woman is revealed to
be a new teacher and the professor tells
her that she can go after the exam a
girl sits near the swimming pool looking
at all the swimming girls she then gets
up and walks towards the exit the coach
stops her admonishes her for not saying
goodbye the girl then leaves after
saying goodbye and the coach tells her
to study hard for college acceptance
this seems to anger her she curses them
and leave on the turns above the pool a
boy stands with a camera taking pictures
of the girl's swimsuits mrs park is seen
walking through the corridors all the
passing students greet her a teacher
comes and congratulates her for passing
the evaluation he asks her out for
drinks as they walk to their classes mrs
park stops and tells him she wants to
use the restroom the teacher wishes her
luck and leaves in the next scene mrs
park is shown looking at herself in the
mirror and practicing her class she
tries several times and takes a deep
breath next she's shown in the class
teaching her students three people are
shown sitting at the back of the
classroom evaluating her teaching skills
a suggestive photo of a park and the
teacher she was with circulates the
classroom a boy takes a photo from
another to have a look he is called by
park to read something mrs park notices
the picture and confiscates it and she
looks at it and gets embarrassed see he
is doing her work when yum ji won walks
over and asks her if she wants to rejoin
the group but sihi turns down the offer
a boy who's handing out milk throws it
towards ji yong but accidentally hits
che
a teacher then enters the classroom and
tells the students that their holidays
are soon to come some students he says
will stay behind for extra classes
depending on their results after this
students stand in the hallway to see
their grades young genion's friend
complains that she came down three
places he on consoles her and tells her
that she will get it back
ji yong then notices her top rank in the
class and smiles kwak-su-e a student who
had gotten the second rank stands behind
ji young and tells her that she wasn't
even trying that hard to outrank her see
he walks past the crowd to see where she
stands to find that she's in 25th place
this means that she too will have to
stay for extra classes loud screams are
heard as see he comes home as she walks
ahead she hears the sound of a woman
telling the screaming person that the
injections shouldn't scare her now since
she gets them regularly
as c he is packing her friends start
talking to her she tells her friend that
she isn't sure what she wants to be her
friend who asks her what she enjoys the
most to which she applies she loves
playing the piano the friend then asks
her to play see he does play for a while
but then stops and says she'd forgotten
the rest of the song the friend converts
for a bit and start laughing and
suddenly fear takes over she looks to
her side to see the witch's terrifying
hands and empty sockets that are oozing
blood she has a series of disturbing
flashbacks after which she screams and
wakes up realizing it was just a dream
we're then taken to the school where the
students have returned from their
vacation see he stands in front of the
school as a girl in a hood comes running
towards her she stops and looks at her
they both exchange a look and the girl
goes inside in the classroom the teacher
who tells them about the increasing
workload they're going to face he asks
miss park who stands in the corner of
the room to take the phones of all the
students as she does a student gives her
an obscene toy in the next scene the
students are seen sitting in the
cafeteria ji young's friend sits next to
her and tells her she's decided to sleep
with her boyfriend and is very excited
jiyoung asks her if she's sure and her
friend says she's doing it as a birthday
present for her boyfriend
she looks at a boyfriend on another
table who's bullying see he who
eventually gets fed up and leaves see he
goes to another table where the guy who
accidentally spilled milk over her is
seated he coughs upon seeing her and
apologizes for the incident she doesn't
even pay him any heed ms parks sits with
two other teachers at the table as the
headmaster is about to leave he advises
the teachers to spend some time together
saying they should get to know each
other as colleagues better a girl tells
hyung a about t young's ghost that was
seen earlier the roommate doesn't
believe her and starts to make fun of
her the girl in the hood seen earlier
near the school admonishes her for
making fun of somebody's death while
she's doing her homework sihi briefly
glances at the girl and turns away hyung
a takes her medications and goes to the
restroom and suddenly her hair starts
growing on her face and out of her skirt
blood oozes out of the wall and she
starts to scream however it's all later
revealed to be just a hallucination
while the coach is swimming in the pool
the headmaster comes and starts flirting
with her she gets offended and leaves
and she heads over to the showers and
starts to shower suddenly the lights go
out and someone comes to her in the dark
and abducts her jihan's friend comes
down to meet her boyfriend a guy in a
hood comes out and takes a hold of her
suddenly the headmaster locks the doors
and leaves we are then shown the
abducted swimming teacher who's being
tortured by the asylum
in the library numerous students are
sleeping on their desks blood starts
dripping on hyanni's forehead see he
looks up where something is written
something like should asan avenge the
death of his mother
hyanne looks up where the swimming
coach's corpse is suddenly lowered a
speaker makes a strange sound before a
ghostly sound announces that every
student will die however those who can
tell who will die next and who's killing
them will stay alive the corpse hanging
from the ceiling falls the students
shout and start running for their lives
they try to escape but all the exits
have been blocked mrs park tries to calm
them down she tells them that she will
find someone who has the key and will
free them a student points on the screen
at the hallway and on the screen a
student named jk is shown lying on the
floor he awakens to see somebody on his
bike he notices several pointy middle
spikes fastened to the tires of his bike
the rider starts the bike and comes at
him jk tries to run but is eventually
run over and brutally killed
the students start to get horrified
hyung saying it's t young who has come
to kill them cha comes and asks what is
happening he's told about the recent
events after which he tries to call for
help however finds no signals cha sends
everyone back to class and starts trying
to make calls to the telephones but he
finds that all the cables have been cut
as well in the classroom students are
talking about t young who committed
suicide a while ago hyung-a is gulping
down her medications which trigger
another disturbing hallucination under
the impression that ants are crawling
over her body she starts piercing her
arms in several places the students try
to calm her down but she spits blood and
dies ji young tells the others that
someone changed her medicines which is
why she died cha arrives a moment later
and the students start suspecting him
saying he's never around when the deaths
happen the power is suddenly cut again
and chad tells them they must stay
together or they will all die
for the first time here sihi talks about
t young she reveals that tae young was
her stepsister as well but she chose to
hide it since she hated her see he then
gets a flashback from the time she first
met her stepsister the girl talked for a
while after which t young told say hey
to never tell anyone about the
stepsister's relation of theirs cha and
so eel go to the maintenance room to
solve the power problem they reconnect a
couple of wires which make the lights
turn back on and pressure builds up in
the wires and the teacher asks them to
run but before they can do anything
bullets come crashing into the body of
soul lee and he dies
a teacher goes out to sit in the
corridor jung ji young comes to him and
asks him that all the students that died
were related but the teacher stops her
from revealing anything because nobody
knows and nobody needs to know young jim
young tells him that there is one more
guy involved he remembers receiving an
obscene photo from wong hae she goes to
the football ground and gets her
pictures in return to which she gave him
money in the next scene the teacher is
looking for juan ho he follows him
around and finds blood spots juan who
sits on a seat his head on the desk
clicking the mouse as the teacher turns
him over he sees his eyes protruding out
wonho jumps on him and throws him in the
blood on the floor he gets up quickly
and sees the wall full of maps and
pictures of the students from today
students hear the shrieks and run
towards the same lab wonho lies dead on
the floor and they hear the teacher
stuck inside of a glass door so they run
to help him out the door is locked and
he is struggling students attention is
diverted when they see projector
pictures of the wall of their class
fellows of jk g yong and yang ran
there is a puzzle to solve if they want
to help their professor and time is
running out t young tries different
words fire starts burning inside and the
teacher's body catches on fire the
students pick up the characters that
were engraved on their fellows bodies
nayray runs to see see he and asked her
why she never told them that t yong
didn't attempt suicide she starts crying
and tells her that she was afraid
another student says that all the
students in the pitches are dead and
asks them about ji yong who is not there
but in the pictures ji yong is in the
corridors and mrs park finds her she
tells her that all the people from the
pictures have died and it is just her
left the next scene is a flashback it
was a friday night and they were all
studying and tired when one of them
pointed out that g young had a whiskey
in her locker they sat in front of her
locker room drinking they were drunk and
fooling around when they started to make
fun of sue's virginity
t young was in the washroom and they all
were there and persuaded sue to have sex
with her he tried to rape her in front
of all of them when she attacked he got
her she slapped him and turned around
and he tried to push her and her head
hit the top of the washroom and she
passed away the flashback ends and ji
young tells mrs park that they didn't
want to kill her and it was all an
accident she says that they will
surrender herself to the police and she
needs help mrs park looked her in the
eye and said that you have found the
answers de young shouts and runs away
a screen in the hallway takes everyone's
attention as it is mrs park she says
that the students have found all the
answer and they have just 10 minutes to
use the phone and call home or to the
police otherwise they will all be dead
all the students run to the phone three
of the students go to the studio to
catch mrs park in the studio a man
stands beside her and compliments her
for her service the flashback begins
again as the same guy stands in a cafe
serving people when he receives tes
message which says she would like to
break up with him he calls her back but
her phone lies by the swimming pool
where she was killed and the students
who killed her were running away
he goes out looking for her and finds
her in the pool and he tries to help her
some student sees him and thinks that he
had killed her all the murderers made
false allegations on him that he killed
her so the police arrested him and took
him away
his name is jung bam and he is mrs
park's brother after he went to jail he
went mad mrs park visited him and would
tell him about her school training as a
teacher she says that she is not going
to come home for a while the flashback
ends and jungbong stands beside her and
asks her to go he tells her that he is
coming and she leaves at the staircase
the students try to get to her but
before that jung bum attacks and kills
them the rest of the students run to the
hall and the key to the safe was on a
rope which ji young was attached to and
if they wanted the key they had to kill
her and go to the safe time was running
out and some of the students didn't want
to a girl snatched the key due to which
g-young was suspended in the air some of
the students ran to support her and let
her down but time was running out they
ran to the safe to use the key but the
time was out downstairs there was fire
students ran into the hall one of them
announced that he knows a way out and
they all followed him
on the floor june bam used the lighter
and burnt down the school the students
start rushing out and nay ray notices
that sihi was nowhere to be seen in the
next scene she is seen walking on a
platform and she sees flashbacks of nay
ray and tae young talking and swimming
she hears jung bom approaching her and
she turns around he asks her if she has
someone on to which he tells him that
she hasn't jung bam asks her if she has
anything to do with t young's murder
in the next scene see he recalls the day
when she saw a young jiong go to the
locker room for whiskey they asked her
to bring some chips when she returned
they looked at her and wanted to have
sex with su yi she pleaded to let her go
ji young told her that they had to be in
her study group and she can't be fun
jung bam threw her in the pool to kill
her and see his friends come to her and
rescue her she saw tae young who taught
her swimming once her friends take her
out of the pool and save her life
thank you so much for watching guys